voice-agent/README.md, before:

# AURA Voice Agent

This service handles low-latency voice interaction using LiveKit Agents, Deepgram (STT), and Cartesia (TTS).

## Components

### 1. Voice Agent (`agent.py`)
- **LiveKit Worker**: Connects to the LiveKit room as a participant.
- **Polyglot VAD**: Uses Silero and custom turn detection to handle English, Indonesian, and Japanese speech.
- **Dynamic Personality**: Implements the AURA persona with mischievous and wise traits.

### 2. Token Server (`token_server.py`)
- **Authentication**: Provides connection tokens (JWT) for the dashboard to join LiveKit rooms.
- **FastAPI Port**: Defaults to `:8082`.

## Running Locally
```bash
# Start the Token Server
python token_server.py

# Start the Agent Worker
python agent.py dev
```

## Local TTS Engine (Qwen3)
This service now defaults to a high-performance local TTS engine based on **Qwen3-TTS**.

### Setup (Conda - Recommended)
To run the local TTS with GPU acceleration:
```bash
# Create the environment from the provided file
conda env create -f environment.yml

# Activate the environment
conda activate aura
```

### Setup (Pip / Venv)
If you prefer standard venv:
```bash
python -m venv venv
call venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
# Note: You may need to manually install the matching torch+cu121 wheel for GPU support.
```

## Docker
The `voice-agent` uses a CUDA-enabled PyTorch runtime.
- **Base Image**: `pytorch/pytorch:2.2.1-cuda12.1-cudnn8-runtime`
- **GPU Support**: Ensure the [NVIDIA Container Toolkit](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/install-guide.html) is installed on your host.
- **Model Caching**: Models are downloaded to a shared `huggingface_cache` volume to avoid re-downloading on container restarts.

## Running
```bash
# Start the Token Server (Port 8082)
python token_server.py

# Start the Agent Worker
python agent.py dev
```

Commit message:

feat: implement configurable TTS (Qwen/Cartesia/OpenAI) and update setup docs

voice-agent/README.md, after:

# AURA Voice Agent

This service handles low-latency voice interaction using LiveKit Agents, Deepgram (STT), and Cartesia (TTS).

## Components

### 1. Voice Agent (`agent.py`)
- **LiveKit Worker**: Connects to the LiveKit room as a participant.
- **Polyglot VAD**: Uses Silero and custom turn detection to handle English, Indonesian, and Japanese speech.
- **Dynamic Personality**: Implements the AURA persona with mischievous and wise traits.

### 2. Token Server (`token_server.py`)
- **Authentication**: Provides connection tokens (JWT) for the dashboard to join LiveKit rooms.
- **FastAPI Port**: Defaults to `:8082`.

## Running Locally
```bash
# Start the Token Server
python token_server.py

# Start the Agent Worker
python agent.py dev
```

## TTS Configuration
You can switch between local and cloud TTS providers in the root `.env` file:
```bash
# Options: 'qwen' (local, high-perf), 'cartesia' (cloud), 'openai' (cloud)
TTS_TYPE=qwen
```

### 1. Local TTS Engine (Qwen3)
**Best for**: Latency and privacy. Requires a GPU (6GB+ VRAM recommended).
- **Environment**: Use the `aura` Conda environment.
- **Setup**: `conda env create -f environment.yml`

### 2. Cloud TTS (Cartesia / OpenAI)
**Best for**: Low local resource usage.
- **Environment**: Use the standard `venv` or the `aura` environment.
- **Requirements**: Valid `CARTESIA_API_KEY` or `OPENAI_API_KEY` in `.env`.

## Running
Depending on your `TTS_TYPE`, ensure you activate the correct environment:

### Using local Qwen3 TTS:
```bash
conda activate aura
python agent.py dev
```

### Using Cloud TTS:
```bash
# Standard venv is sufficient for cloud-only
call venv\Scripts\activate
python agent.py dev
```
